Capstone Proposal

1. What goal will your website be designed to achieve?

    The goal is to reduce the time deciding on recipes to make.

2. What kind of users will visit your site? In other words, what is the demographic of
your users?

    Anyone that cooks.

3. What data do you plan on using? You may have not picked your actual API yet,
which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain.

    We need to display a recipe image and title. We also need the URL to the recipe.

4. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not
know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer
questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like?

    Recipe: tile, link to image, url to recipe

    User: name, email, favorites, lists

    List: title, recipes

b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API?

    The image might be unavailable for some recipes. The URL to the recipe might not exist.

c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?

    Names and passwords.

d. What functionality will your app include?

    The ability to like or dislike a recipe.
    The ability to favorite recipes.
    The ability to create, edit, or delete custom lists of recipes.

e. What will the user flow look like?

    First the user needs to signup or log in.
    After the user is logged in they are presented with a random recipe that they can like or dislike.
    If they like the recipe it gets added to the current list.
    They can also choose to add this recipe to their favorites by clicking on a heart.
    If they want to remove a recipe from the list, they can click on an X to remove it.
    They can choose to start a new list or switch to another existing one they created.
    They can list all of the lists they created including their favorites.

f. What features make your site more than CRUD? Do you have any stretch
goals?

    After building a list of recipes, simliar recipes can be shown or recommended based on similar ingredients or flavors.